[linstor] Document kernel-headers installation (#2326)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/031-linstor/docs/CONFIGURATION.md

  linstorEnabled: "true"
```

> > Module requires kernel-headers be installed on all your nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Cation!** Module requires kernel-headers to be installed. Run the following command on all your nodes:
```

> > Module requires kernel-headers be installed on all your nodes:
> >
> > ```bash
> > # ubuntu/debian
> > apt install linux-headers-$uname -r()"
> > # centos
> > yum install kernel-devel-$(uname -r)
> > ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Cation!** Module requires kernel-headers to be installed. Run the following command on all your nodes.
>
> For Ubuntu/Debian:
>
> ```shell
> apt install linux-headers-$uname -r()"
> ```
>
> For CentOS:
>
> ```shell
> yum install kernel-devel-$(uname -r)
> ```
```
